Documentation for fan speed levels (#1056)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/fan/index.rst

With the ``fan`` domain you can create components that appear as fans in
the Home Assistant frontend. A fan can be switched ON or OFF, optionally

> has a speed level (1..max_supported_speed_level) and can have an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has a speed level between 1 and the maximum supported speed level of the fan, and can have an
```

max_supported_speed_level sound like a configuration setting which doesn't exists
